Please make the following updates:

1. FIX STALE SESSION BUG:
   On every app load, after calling getSession(), also call 
   supabase.auth.getUser() to verify the session is still 
   valid against the Supabase server.
   
   If getUser() returns an error or null user, immediately:
   - Clear the local session via supabase.auth.signOut()
   - Clear any local state (userProfile, portfolio, watchlist)
   - Redirect to the Login screen
   
   This ensures deleted or expired accounts can't remain 
   logged in via cached tokens.

2. DELETE ACCOUNT FEATURE:
   Add a "Close Account" section at the bottom of the 
   Account screen, above the Sign Out button.
   
   SUBSCRIPTION CHECK LOGIC:
   Check the user's subscription_tier in the profiles table:
   
   If subscription_tier is 'trial' or 'free' or null:
     → Allow deletion immediately (see flow below)
   
   If subscription_tier is 'core', 'prime', or 'apex':
     → Block deletion. Show this message in a red info box:
     "You have an active Maddex subscription. To close your 
      account, please cancel your subscription first and wait 
      until the end of your current billing period. Once your 
      subscription has expired, you can return here to 
      close your account."
     → Show a "Manage Subscription" button below it
     → Do not show the delete button at all

   DELETION FLOW (for eligible users):
   
   Step 1 — Show a subtle "Close Account" text button 
   in muted red at the bottom of the Account screen.
   Small, not prominent — this should not be easy to 
   accidentally tap.
   
   Step 2 — Tapping it opens a confirmation modal with:
   Title: "Close your account?"
   Body: "This will permanently delete your Maddex account, 
   including your portfolio, watchlist, and all saved data. 
   This cannot be undone."
   Two buttons:
   - "Cancel" (dismisses modal, does nothing)
   - "Yes, close my account" (red, confirms deletion)
   
   Step 3 — Tapping "Yes, close my account" shows a 
   second confirmation — a text input asking the user 
   to type "DELETE" to confirm. The final delete button 
   stays disabled until they type it exactly.
   
   Step 4 — Once confirmed, in this exact order:
   a. Delete all rows from portfolio where user_id = user.id
   b. Delete all rows from watchlist where user_id = user.id  
   c. Delete the row from profiles where id = user.id
   d. Call supabase.auth.admin.deleteUser(user.id) 
      — if this is not available client-side, call a 
      server function or use supabase.auth.signOut() 
      and flag the account for deletion
   e. Clear all local app state
   f. Show "Your account has been closed." message
   g. Redirect to the Login screen after 2 seconds
   
   Step 5 — If any deletion step fails, show:
   "Something went wrong. Please contact 
   support@maddex.com.au to complete your account closure."
   Do not leave the user in a broken state.

3. SUPABASE — ADD DELETE PERMISSIONS:
   The portfolio and watchlist tables already have RLS 
   policies for the user to manage their own data so 
   deletes will work there.
   
   For the profiles table, add a delete policy:
   In Supabase SQL Editor run:
   
   create policy "Users can delete own profile"
     on public.profiles for delete using (auth.uid() = id);
   
   Note: Deleting the auth.users record itself requires 
   admin privileges. If client-side deletion of the auth 
   user is not available, after signing out flag the 
   profile with deleted_at = now() and handle cleanup 
   via a Supabase Edge Function or manual admin review.
   Instead add a deleted_at column:
   alter table public.profiles 
   add column if not exists deleted_at timestamptz;
   
   When deleted_at is set, treat the account as closed 
   and block login by signing out immediately on app load 
   if deleted_at is not null.

4. ACCOUNT SCREEN ORDER:
   The Account screen bottom section should read:
   [Manage Subscription button]
   [Sign Out button]  
   [Close Account — subtle red text link at very bottom]
   
   Close Account should be the last thing on the screen,
   small and unobtrusive.